So far, we've covered the Online SLAM problem.
Now, it's time to dive deeper in the Full SLAM problem also known as off-line SLAM.
While solving the Full SLAM problem,
you will estimate the entire path up to time t
instead of an instantaneous pose given all the measurements and controls.
Now, let's model this graphical representation of
the Full SLAM problem in a probability function. Here's the result.
P of X1 up to time t and m,
giving z1 to t and u one to T. This function estimates the posterior over the entire path
along the map given all the measurements and controls up to time
t. Now that you've seen both the Online and Full SLAM problem,
let's compare them, and see if a relation exists between them.
Clearly, the difference between the two forms of SLAM is in their poses.
One represents a posterior over the entire path,
while the other this represents a posterior over the current pose.
Now, is there any relation between these two forms of SLAM?
Yes. A relation between the Online SLAM problem,
and the Full SLAM exists by integrating
the previous poses from the Full SLAM problem once at a time,
you obtain the Online SLAM problem.